Here you are again, Boss Zhang.
Mr. Bai is still so energetic.
Please take a seat. Let me introduce it to you.
Li Fei, Zheng Hui, Zhao Chunxue.
Meeting first. So let’s get straight to the point.
You have collected a lot of the original facts.
You want to take action, we want to take action. He has the final say in this matter.
It was he who mentioned that his daughter was touched. Li Fei Brothers
What a return to youth. What about this?
It was Mr. Bai who made the contract for you personally.
Boss Zhang, take a look. What if there is no problem
We can replace it today. Zhang Bangzi
What do you mean. Mr. Bai.
Someone already contacted me yesterday
Afraid of our side
Don't want to make more money
We will also give you three billion
Go to your company's account immediately
Let's do business
We don't want this situation anymore